Remove csrf doc and add info about SameSite attribute (#998)
shopware/docs: resources/references/security.md

# Security

## Overview
This reference presents a comprehensive compilation of all security measures implemented in shopware 6, along with instructions on how to configure them.

## HTML sanitizer
HTML sanitizer improves security, reliability and usability of the text editor by removing potentially unsafe or malicious HTML code. [Read more...](../../../guides/hosting/configurations/shopware/html-sanitizer.md)

> ## SameSite cookies
> SameSite prevents the browser from sending cookies along with cross-site requests. [Read more...](../../../guides/hosting/configurations/framework/samesite-protection.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SameSite cookies

SameSite prevents the browser from sending cookies along with cross-site requests. For more information on this refer to [SameSite Protection](../../../guides/hosting/configurations/framework/samesite-protection.md)
```
